Graph Neural Networks (GNNs)

Please summarize the table of performance matrix of the comparative study as comparing the Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) method with current ensemble machine-learning methods (PEnsemble1, PEnsemble2, PEnsemble3, and PEnsemble4).

Why we have to comparing graph neural networks (Graph Convolutional Network, Graph Attention Network) with current ensemble machine-learning methods(PEnsemble1, PEnsemble2, PEnsemble3, and PEnsemble4).




To predict yield based on the listed genotype data, weather data, and soil data. If we would like to conduct a comparative study, as comparing graph neural networks with current ensemble machine-learning methods (PEnsemble1, PEnsemble2, PEnsemble3, and PEnsemble4). Which model chose I select?



I have the performance metrics of R2 of the 18 machine learning models.  So, I would like to compare graph neural networks with machine learning methods. Can you write a Python script to make a comparison graph of neural networks? 

More detail:
PEnsemble1 combines "Huber," "M-estimators," "Linear Regression," and "Ridge Regression."
PEnsemble2 combines "Huber," "M-estimators," and "Linear Regression."
PEnsemble3 combines "Huber," "M-estimators," and "Ridge Regression."
PEnsemble4 combines "" and "M-estimators."

To my knowledge, generally speaking.

Deep-learning models outperform common combinations of machine-learning models if we would like to conduct a comparative study, such as comparing graph neural networks with current ensemble machine-learning methods. 
Can you write a Python script comparing graph neural networks (Graph Convolutional Network, Graph Attention Network) with ensemble machine-learning methods with PEnsemble1, PEnsemble2, PEnsemble3, and PEnsemble4?

y = data['Seed']  # Target

comparative study as comparing graph neural networks with current ensemble machine-learning methods (PEnsemble1, PEnsemble2, PEnsemble3, and PEnsemble4)



Currently, many machine and deep learning methods discuss influencing factors, which can be referred to for comparison.


Can you write a Python script comparing graph neural networks with ensemble machine-learning methodswith PEnsemble1, PEnsemble2, PEnsemble3, and PEnsemble4?

Can we visualize and compare the result in terms of graph neural networks with PEnsemble1, PEnsemble2, PEnsemble3, and PEnsemble4?


Because based on data in attach. I would like to predict yield(seed column) base on 26 features:Cigr_CD,Cire_CD,EVI2_CD, NDRE_CD, NDVI_CD, Cigr_CV, Cire_CV, EVI2_CV, NDRE_CV, NDVI_CV, Maize_high, N, P, K, pH, SoilTemp, SoilHumi, EC, Water feed Per Area (m3/dunam), Uv radiation, Evapotranspiration, Daily rain, Rain rate, Humidity, Wind speed, Temperature

Is it  possible to compare graph neural networks with other metrics like precision, recall, F1 score ? . But my dataset  in attach does not classification tasks. I would like to predict yield(seed column) base on 26 features:Cigr_CD,Cire_CD,EVI2_CD, NDRE_CD, NDVI_CD, Cigr_CV, Cire_CV, EVI2_CV, NDRE_CV, NDVI_CV, Maize_high, N, P, K, pH, SoilTemp, SoilHumi, EC, Water feed Per Area (m3/dunam), Uv radiation, Evapotranspiration, Daily rain, Rain rate, Humidity, Wind speed, Temperature.


This script attachment correctly answers the question: "Deep learning models may outperform common combinations of machine learning models. If we would like to conduct a comparative study, such as comparing graph neural networks with current ensemble machine-learning methods (PEnsemble1, PEnsemble2, PEnsemble3, and PEnsemble4)." ?


Deep learning models with graph neural networks to predict yield.
Green Normalized Difference Vegetation Index 
=  (G ∈ Zn×p)
(W ∈ Rn×k1 ) 
(S ∈ Rn×k2 ) 


Can we make a Deep neural network structure to predict yield  from
the input layer takes in 
1. genotype data(12 vegetation indexes) following:
1) Chlorophyll Index green (CIgr)
2) Chlorophyll Index red edge (CIre)
3) Enhanced Vegetation Index 2 (EVI2)
4)Green Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (GNDVI)
5) Modified Chlorophyll absorption Ratio Index 2 (MCRI2)
6) Modified Triangular Vegetation Index 2 (MTVI2)
7) Normalized Difference Red Edge (NDRE)
8) Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) 
9) Normalized Difference Water Index (NDWI)
10) Optimized Soil-Adjusted Vegetation Index (OSAVI)
11) Renormalized Difference Vegetation Index (RDVI)
12) Red–Green–Blue Vegetation Index (RGBVI)
2. Weather data :
Water feed Per Area, UV radiation, Evapotranspiration, Daily rain, Rain rate, Humidity, Wind speed, Temperature 
3. Soil data: N, P, K, pH, SoilTemp, SoilHumi, EC.